to my super cool website!
to my cuper zool sebwite!
to my amazing digital website!
Error 404 splash text not found
to my big fluffy $$$$ing shrub!
This website is not real. Wake up.
to alex Ballistic's Ottoman Empire
I guess this really is an alex, Ballistic.
to bomzomoc
to alexballistic1995's game secrets, glitches, and theories blog!
https://www.alexballistic.com/msuics
Use discount code B-A-L-L!
Nagasagay kikky park
Everywhere you are, that's where we'll be!
Rats, bats, cats, and everything fast!
This website was made by ChatGPT
This website is sponsored by Bepsi Brick Melts in your Pants not in your Mouth Choclate Drizzle Honey Glaze Pickled Shitaki Flavour!
Mike Rowe Hard
thank you for opening my website i hope you liked i
Can someone grab bomb
the west is saved
Press ALT + F4 for a secret page!
Fried fruit balls. of salad. didn't you want to try it? it's only 2G.
Well, there is a site here.
T11: On to lemongrasstown
to my special hell.
I see two lovers staring over the edge of the cauldron of hell. 
I am growing increasingly impatient with the traffic of your kind through me and my premises.
I can't help you collectively, or individually. I can't even help myself.
Yes, help yourself. They are not edible.
Five. Hundred. Slag reset keys.
Surely the answer was in lizard skull all along!
Machu Picchu? MACHU PICCHU?!
Loading witty splash text, please wait...
There are actually 1,000 splash texts that can appear here. Wait, you don't care? Awww, okay...
Error 418: I'm a teapot
Did you know? The
https://www.superbad.com
https://web.archive.org/web/20071130043943/http://zombo.com/
404 Not found        nginx
JET SET RADIOOOOOO
balex allistic
cool mantle bro
to my basement
Try doing a 100% run of your shower.
Coaxed into personal websites
As seen on... well, a screen!
Reticulating splines...
balls waiting until bf scratches balls
[sic]
Sorry for bad English
man door hand hook car door
i ran out of bloodmilk for my cereal
dude im like mashing Z rn
watch out for the crawler man
This site renamed "alexamerica.com!"
...is what i would say if i didn't hate YOU specifically
Still loading witty splash text... cmon...
More splash texts coming...
Welcome to alexballistic
This is alexballistic
Welcome
This is alex ballistic Welcome
You can do anything at alexballistic
Anything at all
The only limit is yourself
Welcome to alexbblastic
This is alexballistic, welcome!
yes, this... is alexballistic.
This is alexballistic and welcome to you who have come to alexballistic!
The infinite is possible at alexballistic!
The unattainable is unknown at alexballistic!
your text here
subtitle template text
lorem ipsum dolot amet
insert meta joke here
TODO: write subtitle under the welcome
you just lost the game.
skelly on the telly
ewie on the eeie
ITS! TV! TIME!
arexballistic
Now's your chance to big your shot!
...Dield?
ijog4goingnjogqwijogw;ijt32ounoegwnoit2j38goendsn
AMAZINGU!
This is totally not a cybersquatting domain
Im willing to pay 15 dollars for a role bro
https://guns.lol/alexballistic
im alexing my ballistic
Mysterious wind!
Try my flavor!
I'm falling!
Your dad's my best friend!
Family guy funny moments
this website certified tubular!
I have become a Shibuya bully.
yep, still searching for that witty splash text...
LINE... 100!
Theres only 1 splash text, this one. What are you talking about?
Ce n'est pas un site web.
to my website, Gamer.
Thanks Andrew
My dad works for roblox and can give you pregnant.
goodnight, Gamer.
they took my fuckin hot dog
15footdick.com
The stuff at the end of the menu costs extra.
starfruits suck dick
Before the clock strikes midnight, the shadow will grow!
O, the shadow will grow, SERPENTINE!
Even when the clock ran back, the shadow was growing!
A patch of shadow, slithering on, slithering on, SERPENTINE!
dont wait, dont wait. wait, dont!
stay in the box, NO! STAY IN THE BOX, NO, GET OUT OF MY SKIN!!!!!
ronny skype owes me 5 bucks
this website belongs to tonytrickshades
this website is owned by Nestle.
this website is owned by Enron.
watch my clips watch my clips
they're not clips, they're mags.
we are Japanese yakuza goblin
123123123123123123
thank you for donating 5 dollar to the stream i very much appre
keep random shit out of this subdirectory or DIE
AZUCAR?!?!
alex "alex ballistic" ballistic
What lies between the sites?
hello everybody my name is alex ballistic